Refactor proxy reset (#1253)
kyma-project/istio: docs/release-notes/1.14.0.md

## New Features

> - Restarting sidecars is now done in two phases. First restarting all Kyma workloads uninterrupted and will set Istio CR in `Error` state if unsuccessful. Second will restart Customer workloads in chunks and any unsuccessul iteration will result in `Warning` state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Restarting sidecars is now divided into two phases. In the first phase, only Kyma workloads are restarted. If this phase fails, the Istio Custom Resource (CR) is set to the `Error` state. In the second phase, customer workloads are restarted in chunks. If any iteration of this phase fails, the Istio CR is set to the `Warning` state.
```
